["You Belong To Me" playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ Watch the sunrise
On a tropic isle ♪
♪ Just remember. darling
All the while ♪
♪ You belong to me ♪
♪ Fly the ocean
in a silver plane... ♪
[grunts]
[gasps]
♪ You belong to me ♪
♪ I'm gonna be so alone ♪
♪ Without you ♪
♪ Just remember
'til you're home again ♪
♪ You belong to me ♪
[intriguing music playing]
[music stops]
You sure
about this. uce?
Look at the waves!
And no one else
is here. bro.
Yeah. no one else is here
because it's a monster alert.
Pfft.
Godzilla don't surf.
- Yeah. I hope not.
- [chuckling]
[chittering]
- Yeah.
- I think we're good. Let's go.
[surfer 2] What did I
tell you? Nothing but us and
nature for hundreds of miles.
You've gotta
be kidding. [sighs]
Attention.
surfers in the water.
Attention. surfers.
The beach is closed.
Exit the water
for your own safety.
Yeah. I told you. bro.
[surfer 2] One wave.
What are they gonna do?
Right now. guys.
This is
a high-alert Titan area.
[surfer 1] Come on. man.
Let's go.
All right. we're going in.
we're going.
[coast guard crew chattering]
[radar pinging]
[rumbling]
- [surfer 1] Dude.
- What?
What the hell's that sound?
What the hell? [exclaims]
[screaming] Help me!
[tense music playing]
- Hard about. Hard about!
- Mayday. Mayday.
[alarm blaring]
[chittering]
[crew clamoring]
Full ahead!
[metal groaning]
[groans]
[breathing heavily]
[cell phone chimes]
[distortion]
[breathing heavily]
[distortion continues]
Sighting off of Ofu Beach.
American Samoa.
A Monarch patrol boat made
contact and possibly attacked.
Hey. that
could be our boy.
Get the boss on the phone
and let him know.
[stammers] And the joint
Titan response team.
Hey. you're back.
Didn't see you there.
This is just in time.
This is the perfect opportunity
to calibrate our new
equipment. Stay on it.
Have we been able to make
contact with this patrol boat?
Negative.
No response.
Well. how many crew
on a ship like that?
The usual complement
is 14. sir.
Yeah. and I am sure
that search and rescue
is all over it.
Okay? Let's stay
on mission. team.
Do we have eyes
on the Titan yet?
Stand by. The predictive
algorithm is processing
the SOSUS returns.
We got a hit. Something big
moving just below the surface.
Heading zero-two-zero.
Can your algorithm predict
its course based on
its current heading?
Is it gonna...
gonna make landfall
anywhere populated?
Our model suggests
the most likely cross
is 37.75 degrees north
by 122.8 degrees west.
That's San Francisco.
How much time do we have?
Uh. it's really booking it.
Based on its
current speed. 23 hours.
There it is.
our proof of concept.
- What are you talking about?
- I'm talking about
why we're here.
I'm talking about why
you need a partnership
with Apex Cybernetics.
Here. look at this.
Uh... [stammers]
...this is still
in beta stage.
and we've hit pay dirt
the very first time.
Now. you need to
get Barris on the horn
and you tell them that
20.000 tons of trouble
is heading their way.
and you get to be
a hero today.
Welcome to
the free market.
[Lee] All right.
May thinks Hiro's device
is just down the street
at Apex's research facility.
[knocking]
Five stars. y'all.
Who chose this place?
We've been forced to stay
in worse places before.
It comes with the job.
Yeah. don't forget
some of us
are still fugitives.
Hell. this time tomorrow
we might all be.
[sighs]
All right. you able to get
everything I asked for?
Uh. if I wasn't
on the FBI watch list already.
- I definitely am now. So...
- This is good.
All right.
where's the baby aspirin?
[grunts. sighs]
[mutters]
Hey. any luck finding out
where they're keeping
my device?
I don't know.
but most likely
it's in the technical
station of the subbasement.
Hey. guys. they're tracking
Titan X. It's heading
for San Francisco.
- What?
- Got 23 hours
before it makes landfall.
Has anyone heard from Cate?
I... Yeah.
She called me
but I couldn't talk.
[sighs]
[Hiroshi. in Japanese]
[in English] Uh.
how did she sound?
Did she need anything?
I don't... I don't...
I don't know.
She needed to talk
and I was busy doing this.
I'm gonna
go find her.
Whoa. whoa! Hey. Hiroshi...
This is my family. not yours.
No. [stammers] Yes.
But just think for a second.
Is this really
the smartest play?
[stammers] Fly all the way
across the country
to try to find Cate.
and then what?
Or stick with the plan
and lure that Titan away
before it hits the coast.
We can't just abandon her.
We didn't abandon her.
She left on her own.
[in Japanese]
[in English]
Hey. guys.
this isn't really helping.
Why don't we just calm down
a little bit and get
refocused here. okay?
This isn't about keeping
this thing secret anymore.
It's about saving lives.
If Cate is in danger.
this is the best way
that we can help her.
Divert that Titan
before it even gets there.
[sighs] But... [stammers]
...I want everybody to
understand something right now.
There's no guarantees here.
Yeah. this can go south.
but if we work together
we can get this thing done
inside of 23 hours.
Okay.
[radio chatter] Attention.
Monarch has updated Titan
watch to Titan alert.
[clamoring]
[radio continues]
...evacuation is in effect.
Miss Randa? Miss Randa!
I thought that was you.
Are you all right?
Yeah. uh. sorry. I...
Esther Keene.
My son Michael
was in your class.
He was on the bus that day.
On the bridge.
I'm sorry.
No. Thank you.
[breathes shakily] Thank you.
Michael. Michael!
It's Miss Randa.
Miss Randa!
Oh. my God. Michael?
[breathes shakily]
He wouldn't be a teenager
if it wasn't for you.
You got him out of that bus.
[stammers]
I wish I did more.
You could have run
and saved yourself.
That's what most people
did that day.
But you...
You did something. Thank you.
[sighs]
[Lee] All right.
the first thing
we're gonna need is access.
May. what do you got?
[May] I found someone
who has clearance
to the sublevels.
That's where Apex is probably
keeping the device.
[Lee] We can work with that.
Hiro. we're gonna
need you to create
a diversion. a big one.
- [Hiroshi] Got it.
- [Lee] Then.
we're gonna need access
to the basement.
which we know
to be pretty secure.
So. May's gonna need
to get us in and out
without being detected.
May. show us the target
one more time.
Okay.
Everybody good?
[Kentaro] I've just never
been in a bar fight before.
[Lee] Well. if this goes
the way it's supposed to.
you still won't be.
- [rock music playing]
- [chattering]
This place's got it going on.
[chuckles]
Oh. yeah.
Knock it off.
Let's get out of here.
Ah. no. no.
We ain't going home.
Oh. God. Hang on a second.
What is that?
What do you...
What do you got here?
- [gasps] What the heck?
- [grunts] Crash dummy. yeah.
[chuckles] Nice job of 'em
to name a drink after y'all.
Hey. coz. Gonna need a couple
of dummies for Uncle Bob
and his whipped nephew.
Sorry. man. there's. uh.
someone sitting there.
Oh. yeah.
there is. Me.
- [laughs]
- Seriously. dude.
that seat's taken.
- Seriously. back off.
- Hey. hey.
Let's just grab
a table. all right.
[speaks indistinctly]
I'm sitting here.
Hey. man.
how long does it take
to make a crash dummy?
Do you mind?
You're in my seat.
What do we got here?
Hey. girl.
You know. if I was about
a half a century younger
and had some scratch
in my pocket. I'd buy you.
I think it's time
for you to leave. old man.
[grunts]
- Oh. Come on.
- Come on. man.
All right. All right.
you son of a bitch.
- Let's-- Ow. Ow.
- Uncle Bob.
- Ow. Shit.
- [May] Oh. my God.
A little help.
He's having a heart attack.
- Who knows CPR?
- [Kevin] I was a lifeguard.
- I was a lifeguard.
- Come on. Come and help him.
[May] What are you all
staring for? Call 911!
[Kevin] Can you move back?
[May] Somebody call 911.
Call 911!
[tense music playing]
Go. go. go. go.
Well. his airway is clear.
We could try mouth-to-mouth.
Just a minute.
- Right? All right.
- You do it.
[groans] Pills! [grunts]
Nitroglycerin.
[groans] Shit.
I'm sorry. man.
Here. here. here.
Look out. Look out.
Can you see me? Uncle Bob.
Let's get out of here.
[groans] Let's get
out of this place.
It's bad luck.
[reporter 1] As Monarch
has released a statement
that a Titan is being
tracked to the region.
The United States
Pacific Fleet in San Diego...
Can we just stop?
Just turn it off now. please.
Did you even call Barris yet?
Yeah. evac is underway
in San Francisco.
But it's not exactly
like nine million people
can just hop in their cars
and drive to Nevada.
Yeah. well. fortunately.
they've got the entire
Pacific Fleet right there.
The only thing
that's gonna happen
to the Pacific Fleet
is it's gonna end up
at the bottom of the ocean.
Okay. so what
do you suggest. huh?
Do we just let these monsters
just fight it out
amongst themselves
- and hope that
we don't get stepped on?
- No.
Come on. Is that... is that...
- Is that your game plan?
- No.
'Cause that's what
Serizawa's game plan was.
- Well. Serizawa was right.
- Sure he was. One time.
One time. What about
the next time
and the time after that?
That is assuming that
we survive this one.
Yeah. right. Apex.
we're playing the long game.
Oh. you are... [stammers]
Hey. Apex is
playing the long...
So enlighten me.
What is the long game?
Coexistence.
We're closer than you think.
What do you think it is
that my boss pitched
to your boss?
If we can't kill these things.
what choice do we have
except to try and figure out
how we can live with them?
Track them. study them.
try and figure out
how their brains work.
Come on. It's your motto.
Motto. What's your motto?
Discovery and defense.
Yeah. discovery is our defense.
This is our chance
to prove it.
[grunts] The spare batteries
are in the laundry room.
[James] On it.
- Cate. you're back.
- [sighs]
Cate. Oh. my God.
Where have you been?
We've been calling and calling.
I need to leave.
Yeah. we're heading out
to the Sierras.
- We were waiting
for you to get back.
- No.
I need to go back.
I need them.
James.
- No. No.
- Mom.
I left them.
You left me.
You disappeared.
Cate.
First your father
and then you.
My God. we held...
We held a
memorial service for you.
I thought you were dead.
And now you're gonna
make me worry about you
ever coming back again?
No.
G-Day changed the world.
It changed me.
Yes. it was a terrible tragedy.
but it also opened my eyes.
I can't go back to the person
I was before
I started all this.
Then why did you come
back here then. huh?
I-I was running away.
You were right.
I can't run
from what I've done.
I'm the reason
the Titan is here.
It's my responsibility.
I need to fix it.
Wait. wait. wait.
How can it
be your responsibility?
How are you going to fix it?
All I know is that
my friends are out there
trying to stop this thing.
I have to help.
So I'm gonna join them.
I love you.
[sobs]
I'll be back
before you know it.
[Lee] We got four hours
before Titan landfall.
- There it is.
- Hmm.
Okay. Kentaro.
you know what to do.
I think so.
Okay. I looked it up online.
Well. what could
possibly go wrong then?
Hey. hey. hey.
We can think
of something else.
[Kentaro] It's okay.
I got it.
[Hiroshi sighs]
[in Japanese]
Hmm.
[upbeat music playing]
[beeps]
[error tone]
- [guard. in English]
One second. miss.
- [error tone]
- Can I see your badge. please?
- Yeah.
Um. what.
is there a problem?
I have a very important meeting
with Brenda Holland.
It's...
You're just new in the system.
It happens sometimes.
Yeah. Thanks.
Have a nice day.
Yeah. you too. [sighs]
[beeps]
- Liam.
- Well. look who it is.
Apex's most wanted.
huh?
No. look. I'm official now.
- Wait. Whose badge is that?
- Oh. That's enough.
Is she in or...
[sighs] This hour?
No. she's not even
out of spin class yet.
Oh.
Okay. um...
You know what? It's such
a hike back to my cube.
You don't mind if I just...
I kick it until
she gets back. right?
[scoffs] No chance.
Liam... [scoffs]
It's me.
Come on. I'm on probation.
You know how she is.
[sighs] You have no idea.
Thank you.
Um...
Look. you won't even
know that I'm here.
I'm watching you.
[grunting]
- [Lee] Anybody see you?
- Nope.
- That should buy us some time.
- Good job. son.
[engine starts]
[ignition rattles]
[rattling]
Damn it.
- Coffee?
- Oh. no. don't-- I don't--
Um. sorry.
I'm all buzzed already.
- I'm good. thank you.
- All right. More for me.
[thrumming]
[alarm blares]
[stammers] What is that?
Is there a fire?
- Uh. no. this one's new.
- Should we...
It's a radiation leak.
All right.
We gotta get out of here.
- Oh. my God.
- Now!
We have to get out of here!
- Let's go!
- What do you mean rad--
Let's go.
Come on.
come on. come on.
- Come on.
- [clamoring]
[announcer] Attention.
all Apex personnel.
Unsafe levels of radiation
have been detected.
Come on. Hurry up.
Yeah. yes. Everyone's out.
Yeah. the radiation crew
is going in.
[Kentaro] Go.
All clear.
[Hiroshi] Clear.
[Keiko] What do you think
they're doing here
with Hiroshi's device?
[Lee]
Keeping it from us.
Cameras and recorders.
Kentaro.
[Kentaro] We're good.
[sighs]
What is that?
My God.
It looks like
our friends at Apex
are doing a little more
on Skull Island
than just rescuing us.
[Hiroshi] Apex had teams
coming and going all the time.
They must have been
smuggling them off the island.
I thought I'd seen it all
in Axis Mundi. but I've
never seen these before.
- have you?
- No.
Well. they're needlewalkers.
They're so crammed in there.
This is barbaric.
Well. getting a better picture
of exactly who
we're dealing with now.
All right. Kei. Hiroshi.
keep these on channel three.
volume level two.
- Kentaro and I
will give you directions.
- [Kentaro] Wait.
We're not doing
anything about this?
That's a fight
for another day.
- All right.
everybody know their part?
- Yeah.
- [Keiko] Okay.
- We good?
Yeah. we're good.
- Let's go.
- [Lee] Let's go.
Hey. see if you can
get a news channel
so we got an idea of
what's happening out there.
- [May] Shaw. are you there?
- Right on time.
Yeah. I got you. May.
How are we doing?
Did you confirm
the Suzuki device
is in the subbasement?
Okay. I'm officially
in Holland's office.
I'm logging into
her computer now.
I'll confirm in a second.
[sighs]
[Lee] May?
May.
[May] I'm working on it.
I'm officially
in Brenda's network.
I should be able
to confirm the location
of the device now.
Security lock says it should
be on sublevel ten.
unless they moved it.
- [Kentaro]
It's locked up tight.
- [May] I should be able
to override the security.
I think.
- Talk to me. May.
- Just gotta give me a minute.
Well. we're down to two hours
before Titan landfall
and Hiroshi's got
to get his hands
on that device.
[May] I'm in.
Okay. I need you to open
the security door
to the east wing now.
Go straight down the hallway.
take the second right.
You'll be at the elevators.
[May] It might be faster
if I just open every door
in this place.
Not a good idea. May.
[creature growls]
- [Keiko]
We're at the elevators.
- There.
Go down sublevel two.
then use the portapak.
[panting]
[exhales]
[chuckles]
It's so strange.
You and I doing this together.
When I was little.
I used to dream of this.
Joining my mother and father
on a secret mission
to save the world.
How did you know
we were saving the world?
I had to believe that
you would only leave me behind
for something
as important as that.
- [elevator dings]
- [rumbling]
- [Keiko] This should be this.
- [Hiroshi] Yeah.
[device beeps]
[person] The Pacific Fleet
is en route to San Francisco.
- How long do we have?
- Ninety-six minutes.
[newscaster] Breaking news.
The Titan that
has left seven dead
and five still missing...
I really hope
all this Apex crap works.
We're about
to find out.
[Tim] Where are they going?
Nope. No problems.
Hey. hey!
Hey. what's up?
There's 20.000 tons
of Titan
about to run
into 5.000 sailors.
That's what's up.
Where the hell
are you going?
What? Whoa. whoa. whoa.
I'm on my way to meet
the main Apex team
on the ground in San Fran.
so once the Navy
blows this thing up.
we're gonna go and mop up
and do some analysis.
No. no. no. the Navy
can not blow this thing up.
It's gonna go right
through those ships.
and then what?
[stammers] Well. you have
to mop me up for analysis.
- You think this is a joke?
- No. no. This is business.
Risk versus reward.
I'm taking a really big risk
because we believe
the reward is worth it.
- What?
- You upset?
You don't want me on
your ship anyway. so
I'll get out of your hair.
Oh. what's that
they say on Star Trek?
"You have the comm."
Conn. You have the conn.
Conn it is.
[elevator dings]
[Hiroshi] Yeah.
it should be right ahead.
- [sighs]
- [Keiko] What's wrong?
May needs to grant us access.
Hey. what's going on?
- May. they're at
the last door. Open it.
- [May] Okay.
There's an added security code.
Just give me a minute.
[announcer] Attention.
Apex Cybernetics employees.
- Shit.
- The radiation alert
has been lifted.
They figured out the radiation
was fake quicker
than we thought.
- Yeah.
- [May] Lee?
- [Hiroshi]
What's going on up there?
- [May] Lee?
[Kentaro] Hey. Shaw.
[Lee] Stand by. Hiroshi.
May. you've
got incoming. Holland.
Hey. Oh. wow.
Oh. my God.
Wow. You look so good.
You look. um. good.
Sorry. did we
schedule something in?
No. I... Sorry.
I'm just stopping by.
I wanted to.
um. I wanted to
talk about something.
So last night
someone was messing
with the code.
[groans] Come on.
- Lee. can you
give us an update?
- [sighs]
- Lee?
- Hold on. Kei.
May's working on it.
[Brenda] So.
let's dig into it.
I... I-- Shouldn't we get out
of here? It's not very safe.
There's radiation...
A false alarm. it seems.
Response team said
it must have been
a detector malfunction.
Oh. man.
That's worrisome.
Wouldn't be a tech company
without a few glitches.
would it?
[May grunts]
We gotta get 'em out of there.
- Colonel?
- [grunts]
- Give her a minute.
- [May] Okay.
two of these lines
are meant to be linked
with really complex interfaces.
I mean...
you're not just fixing a bug.
you're rewriting
a huge chunk of it.
[sighs]
- [grunts]
- Corah.
Sorry.
Things are
about to happen.
And with this new Titan
threatening the world.
they will have
to happen very quickly.
Yep.
- Move fast. Break things.
- Move fast. absolutely.
But we don't want
to break anything.
We want to...
restore.
I want to show you something.
- Where's she going?
- [Hiroshi] Hello.
[Keiko] Someone's coming.
Tell us what's going on.
Hey. Some-someone's coming.
- [Keiko]
We need an update now.
- Sit tight. Kei.
- We're figuring it out.
- Figuring what out?
- What's going on?
- We gotta do something.
- Yes. we do.
- We need a diversion.
Yes. we do.
- Keep going.
- [Keiko] Lee.
- Just spitball ideas.
- [Hiroshi] What's wrong?
- Anything you got.
- [Keiko] Kentaro.
- Any idea is a good one.
- [Keiko] Lee.
- [Hiroshi] Shaw. Hello.
- I got one.
[screeches]
[May] Wait.
that's from Skull Island.
Poor thing fell
from its nest and was
rejected by its mother.
I'm sure Monarch would just
let nature take its course.
but who's to say
nature's always right?
You're up to
the same sick shit
you were in Seattle.
No. Corah.
Not the same at all.
Hmm.
You made
this possible. Corah.
Your code.
It allowed us to
short-circuit the creature's
natural aggression
by isolating neural pathways
in its cerebral cortex.
Not sick shit.
But sadly.
we hit a roadblock.
When you deleted your code.
We wound up back at square one.
We haven't been able
to maintain the effect.
Your code is the key
to this. Think of
what we can achieve.
You wanna make
these things your pets?
This is what
coexistence looks like.
and we're the only ones
trying to make that happen.
not Monarch.
If you want to save
the world. Corah.
Apex will let you do it.
[tense music playing]
[Tim] Status?
No change.
The Titan is maintaining
course and speed.
[Tim] How long till
they reach the fleet?
Twenty-six minutes.
Do you really think
they'll be able to stop it?
No.
Do you want some tea?
Uh. No. thank you.
I know I'm putting pressure
on you. Corah.
but the clock is ticking.
The fate of the world
could be in your hands.
Um.
All right.
I know why you're here.
You think we took
your friend's Suzuki device.
What are
you talking about?
We did.
We needed a problem.
so we could be the solution.
[grunts]
[creature growling]
Oh. Kentaro.
are you sure about this?
No. not-not that one.
- They're territorial
but not predatory.
- [chittering]
I'm sure
the good Doctor Randa
and your friends
think that they're
doing the right thing.
that their scrappy little
gangs can deal with
a Titan all on their own.
and that they have
the right to make that call
for the entire world.
We have a bigger plan.
and I want you to be
a part of it.
But you need to make
a decision right now.
Will you be part
of the solution?
- [Lee] Ready?
- [Kentaro] Yup.
[screeching]
Go.
[grunts]
- [Kentaro] Go. go!
- [grunts]
- [sighs]
- [alarm blares]
What now?
There's been
a bio-containment breach
on Sublevel Three.
- [screaming]
- [creatures screeching]
[screaming continues]
[announcer] Attention
all Apex personnel.
A bio-containment breach
has been detected.
This is not a drill.
Please evacuate immediately.
Come on. Let's go.
May. we still have time
to recalibrate the device.
I just need ten minutes.
Open the door now.
[lock beeps]
[Keiko] Hiroshi.
Why would they do this?
To see how it works?
[Hiroshi]
There's nothing we can do.
[officer] Apex tracking
confirming Titan's
next target.
Six nautical miles.
[pilot] Viper flight
check in. Viper-02555.
[Tim] Come on. Come on.
[officer] ...targeted.
Four nautical miles.
[chatter on comms]
[officer] Two nautical miles
and closing.
[officer 2] Copy. Outpost 18.
Viper lead on final approach.
[officer] 2000 yards target.
[operator] Where is it?
[officer 2] Viper lead
to Outpost 18.
I have no visual on target.
Repeat. I have
no visual on target.
How can they not see it?
It's right on top of them.
[officer 2] Guys.
there's nothing out here.
Turn off all the Apex stuff.
Shut down all
the Apex equipment.
Turn on the Monarch system.
What do we have on our sonar?
- Okay. uh. on it.
- Come on!
Okay. there's definitely
something there. but...
It's not big enough
to be the Titan.
[officer 2] Outpost 18.
We have a visual.
You're not gonna believe this.
Let's go.
It's a whale.
What?
[laughs]
We're chasing a whale.
[mutters]
[crew member] Maybe
it's a digital artifact
of some kind...
A phantom return.
a software bug.
Not a bug. a feature.
[crew member] Sir?
We've been conned.
- Can you fix it?
Can you put it together?
- No.
We failed Cate.
We're out of time.
It's pointless.
- I should have never
listened to you.
- [phone dings]
I should have just
gone and found Cate.
He was trying
to help Cate.
to help all of us.
Monarch's gonna call off
the Titan alert.
- Wha... [scoffs]
- Why?
False alarm.
[chuckles]
She's okay.
[sighs]
[Lee] All right.
let's get out of here.
Kentaro. tell me
we're on our way.
Guys. you should
check this out.
What is this?
Where did
they get all this?
You gotta be kidding.
How did they...
I mean...
I wonder what the hell
they're planning.
[Keiko pants]
This is Billy's work.
[young Hiroshi] Dad.
Dad.
I don't wanna go.
Um...
Look. I know
you don't. but...
I've got
a super important mission
that I have to go on.
Then let me go with you.
I can work too.
And I bet you can.
But I gotta
go alone. okay?
It's top. top. tippy top.
top secret stuff.
I'll be back before
you know it. all right?
You always say that.
And I always come back.
don't I?
Mom didn't.
Uncle Lee didn't either.
Yeah. yeah. this.
this is gonna
be different. okay?
[person. in Japanese]
[in English] Uh... Maybe.
maybe next trip. okay?
Actually.
I'll just. uh...
Study up on
your cartography.
Maybe you can
help me. okay?
[in Japanese]
[in English] Kei.
look at this.
He completed his map.
Yeah.
[stutters]
Map of what?
The one he started in 1957.
the Titan's migratory route.
Sitting in an Apex basement
while the rest of the world
hides in theirs.
They knew where it was going
this whole time.
Mm-hmm.
Where's it
going next?
Santa Soledad.
The first place
we saw it.
[Lee] Come up.
grab some of this stuff.
Let's go.
- Hey. Where's May?
- She's not replying.
- She was supposed
to meet us inside.
- We gotta go.
Hey. Hiroshi.
we're not
leaving her here.
- Does she know
where to meet us?
- Yes. she knows.
- Try her again. Kentaro.
- She's not coming.
- What?
- W... That's interesting.
Why not?
- [Keiko] What?
[May] I'm staying with Holland.
She showed me something
that could stop Titan X.
You guys do your plan.
I have to try hers.
Good luck and stay safe.
Cate!
- Who picked this dump?
- [chuckles] Who do you think?
[chuckles]
Sorry I left.
I got scared and I
didn't want anyone else
to get hurt because of me.
But the Titan
is out there and...
I think I can help.
All right.
you can help us unload.
[sighs]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-